Hi, my name is Yolanda and I'm a dining
compulsive since he started showing you
what I eat when I'm doing the
diet of the points are not lacking
comments that tell me this is not
healthy that these dietetic cookies do not
I know what you could eat much healthier
doing I do not know what I know
perfectly just clarify or if
some video because every time someone
answer me I will make a copy paste
because I saturate a bit the subject I'm a
44 year old woman and I'm raising two
children not followed that buys kinder
good because he thinks he has a lot of milk
valley in fact injected and craig
basic food pretty healthy I know
perfectly what is a food
healthy and what is not worth then
when you see me take a gazpacho
brick is because I am a woman alone
with two children I'm divorced I do not have
to anyone who helps me with them
He worked a lot and spent a lot of time
to them and I can not make a gazpacho
home for example, I have to
take of brick and that suppose 5
minutes or days of rest I assure you
that it gives me exactly the same to see me
brick
as we have said on the page
for me three priorities the first one is
stop compulsively eating this
it's not a diets page it's a page
of food addicts my first
priority is to control the intake
compulsive the second lose weight and the
third eat healthy and the
I will be applying in this order
then I already know that many of the menus
what are you going to see are annealed 2 or are
packaged and could be much more
healthy great I know perfectly and you
I appreciate the comments very much but they are
A bit of the topic of coca today
cola zero is good for Crappy
I know it's bad but if in a moment
I have been for the sweet see me a
zero cola glass and drunk a
Blessed Coke cocacola is worth and if I
I have some snacks that makes
these cookies that are sold as
Dietetic dietetics have nothing
and that what I also want to comment on
later because not even effect
of points compensate but jolín I know
perfectly what is healthy and not and what
I should eat and not eat what I can
are or not as something industrial by
whim but because I do not have time to
prepare it is worth so I thank you
very much all the comments I already have
from the first moment that opens the
Page'm lucky to have
patricia gang
I pepitogrillo particular herbs that
Any questions I have about things
natural call the reason is solved
sorry and it's always there and yolanda is
normal then well I thank you for
true the comments but really
that was born in lack I know perfectly
what healthy food is but it is
third on my list of
priorities only this moment I already know
sure the first two things that
I have on the list I'm very busy
effort to worry about the
healthy meals for now so
thank you for your interest and take care
much